your blog won't get traffic unless you
do this did you know there are over 1
billion blogs just for a moment think
about that it means that there's roughly
one blog for every 7.5 people do we
really need more content no do we really
need more blogs no not really and no
matter what you're blogging about these
days it's super competitive just think
of it this way there are over 1.2
billion results for the term auto
insurance just in the united states now
if you had a guess how many people do
you think are searching for the term
auto insurance within the united states
each month it's
165 000 people a month
to put that in perspective there are
roughly
272 times more results than searches
and that's just like every other topic
on the web it's been beaten to death and
no one cares for another auto insurance
blog posts so
how do you get traffic to your blog when
most things have already been written on
because let's face it no one wants to
read the same old stuff over and over
again you have to be fresh
and no i'm not saying that you had to
create content that no one has ever
written on before instead i'm saying
that you have to present the same old
information in a new way for example
everyone already knows how fast a
cheetah can run so there's nothing new
there but have you seen that information
presented like this
just look at that beautiful animated
graphic have you ever seen data
presented like that now granted if you
can create content that's new hasn't
been written on before and you think
people will crave it by all means do
that and you should focus on that but
for a large chunk of your content
realistically
it'll be on topics that people already
familiar with and have been written on
before and what you'll need to do is
present that in a new way like that
cheetah infographic or
in any other format that people haven't
seen before if you do that you'll get
more backlinks you'll get the social
shares you will get more traffic another
blog that's a great example of this is
the oatmeal years and years ago they
started doing interactive infographics
quizzes like how would you survive
against a t-rex when you're changed to a
bunk bed it's kind of crazy no one
really would be in that realistic
scenario because t-rexes don't exist
anymore but nonetheless that's fresh
content again it doesn't have to be new
it just has to be presented in a new way
and if you do that you'll get the
backlinks you'll get the social shares
you'll get tons of viral traffic because
everyone will be talking about it and
you'll start noticing that your blog
will become more popular and when you
can of course write on new stuff that no
one has ever heard or seen before now if
you need help with your content
marketing or if you have a blog that's
not getting traffic and you want someone
to fix it check out my ad agency np
digital where we do this for companies
thank you for watching